# v0.6.0 Econumo release

Published: January 19, 2025
URL: https://econumo.com/releases/v0.6.0/

The **v0.6.0** release features a complete rewrite of how Econumo handles numbers and currencies. This update allows the
system to utilize the specified number of fraction digits for each currency (8 maximum), ensuring precise budget
conversions, even for older periods.

After deploying this version, it is recommended to run the following command:

```sh
docker-compose exec -u www-data econumo bin/console app:restore-currency-fraction-digits
```

## Changelog

- Enhanced the command `docker-compose exec -u www-data econumo bin/console app:add-currency --help`, enabling you to specify a custom name and the number of fraction digits for any currency, including Bitcoin.
- Fixed and improved currency conversion for budgets.
- Added an option to specify the number of fraction digits for each currency.
- Updated the frontend to properly handle the specified number of fraction digits where necessary.
- Allowed storage of numbers with up to 8 digits after the decimal point.
- Added validation for decimal numbers on the frontend.
- Ordered currencies by their currency codes.
- Introduced a fuzzy search feature for currency lookups.
- Added the ability to choose or change the budget's currency.
- The calculator widget is now available when editing an account or budget limit.
- Refactored the category settings page (no visible changes).
- Disabled Quasar's default dark theme.

## GitHub releases

- Econumo: [v0.6.0](https://github.com/econumo/econumo/releases/tag/v0.6.0)
